Janne, Janne!
There's one outside the window.
Ok. It probably snuck in where
the fence leans a little.
I'll fix it tomorrow.
No, do it now.
I can't sleep with it there.
-Sure you can.
-No!
It's moaning and it's your turn.
Yeah, but it's more afraid of you
that you are of it.
Go on now!
Oh, for fuck's sake!
So, are you happy now, dear?
Very happy. Thanks, dear.
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday, darling.
Cut it out!
-Yes!
-No!
More Chateauneuf du pape?
Oui, monsieur.
And you just have to try
the Skoal the mailman had.
How dry is it?
Extremely,
but it's OK if you soak it a little.
OK.
Did it have anything else?
Yeah, it had some newspapers too.
-Shit!
-What the hell?
Come on.
Yeah, there's no problem,
the cord is just a little loose.
Then why haven't you already fixed it?
But I will fix it.
I have another cord in the tool shed.
I guess I won't need
to remind you about it then?
No, nope. No need.
Ta da!
-Can I ask you something?
-Of course. Fire away.
Do you think we still have good sex?
Yeah, I think so.
Or what then? Don't you think so?
Yeah, I guess so. You have to say so...
Good.
But it would be fun to have sex
in some unexpected place sometime.
Of course. Absolutely!
-Do you get what I'm saying?
-Yes, yes.
Absolutely,
I think it's good that you mentioned it.
Great idea.
There aren't so many unexpected places
to have sex here.
There's the cabin and the yard.
You don't need to turn this
into a thing, Janne.
No, no. It's absolutely not a thing.
I just wonder
how it would work practically,
given the space.
It's just that I want you
to just want me here and now
and kinda rip my clothes off.
Yeah.
On the other hand,
it's kind of not so unexpected now
when we have just talked about it.
Fine, forget it!
Let's just have sex exactly the same way
until we die then.
What the fuck Janne, not now!
I said I would fix it.
So why haven't you?
Do you even know what you're doing?
How hard can it be?
Why can't you let me do things
at my own pace?
Ok, Janne. Because this box
is kind of important for our survival.
And you choose to lay around on the couch
and wank off instead.
I think you've been a bit of a downer
the last few days.
What do you mean, downer?
Why are you so grumpy?
It's not about being grumpy.
What is it then?
It's about how you are so happy-go-lucky
all the time in this shit.
Gnawing on the same potatoes,
drinking home-brew,
playing Street Fighter and going to bed.
Shit, then?
What?
You said "this shit".
That you think everything we have is shit.
It can't be much of a surprise
that this isn't exactly
the Four Seasons on the Maldives.
Good, now I know how you feel.
"Boohoo,
my name is Janne and I'm going to
nail myself up on a cross now!"
I'm not even going to respond to that.
We promised each other
never to fight in front of Alice
and I, at least, am going to respect that!
I want a divorce.
What?
I think it would be best for us both.
-Is this because of that goddamn cord?
-No.
Because if it's about that fucking cord
then I think
you're being fucking ridiculous, actually.
Yeah, but it's not that.
Are you serious?
Yes.
I might very well be the last man
in the whole world
and you want to divorce me.
Did I get that right, then?
But why do you have to take it that way?
Yeah, how the hell should I take it?
It's a pretty fat dumping,
wouldn't you say?
Ok, we'll talk more about it later.
For fuck's sake, Marie.
For fuck's sake!
That hurt.
Darling, don't think this is your fault.
Me and Daddy love you as much as ever
It's just that...
when a mommy has lived a very,
very long time with a daddy.
And a daddy has
a somewhat special personality
and a mommy has
a completely different personality.
Then the mommy can become
a little tired of the daddy.
Do you understand?
And I think all three of us
will be happier from this.
So how do you think
this divorce will work?
You take the house, I take the car.
OK, and where are you thinking
of driving the car then?
Yeah, not that it's any of your business,
but I thought of seeing
if there's someone else out there.
Someone you can have sex with
in unexpected places maybe?
Here, read.
Dear Bertil,
I hope you're well.
Here in Torekov there are no zombies.
We cook out and go swimming
just like normal.
Won't you drive here?
We're so worried for you.
And?
This is exactly why you and I
can't be together.
Aha, because I am a realist
and make sure we survive?
Because you are so fucking short-sighted,
Janne!
You wouldn't leave the yard
if the ice-cream truck
stood right outside!
Fuck! I told you you didn't know
how to fix it.
But at least I did something.
Let's go.
Why should you take the car,
by the way? It's mine.
You don't even like to drive.
"Oh, no, I can't parallel park
if people are watching."
Damn,
it'll be nice to be divorced from you.
Oh, how I'm going to celebrate!
Are you going to jerk off behind
the currant bushes like you usually do?
Yep, maybe I will.
And maybe I'll listen
to the story of when you and Katherine
were in India for the thousandth time.
No, that's right,
I don't have to anymore!
I get the good china.
Sure, it's so fucking ugly anyway!
Better than
the fucking pretentious glasses
we got from your mom in any case.
Sorry that my mom wasn't born
with a silver spoon in her ass
like your fucking Nazi parents.
You understand that this is why
we're getting divorced, right?
Because you are so fucking mean
all the time.
Oh, and you, leaving your own daughter.
She isn't our daughter anymore.
She hasn't been for several years
and she won't ever be again!
Damn it. I know everything here is shit.
I do know it.
Not only shit.
It's been nice sometimes too.
It's a fucking nightmare, all of it.
But we've managed okay.
It's just as well
that we stop playing family now.
Of course you should leave.
You've always been too cool for me.
No, that's not true.
I would have died a long time ago
if not for you.
Zombies or not.
By the way, I have a...
farewell present for you.
It's a lungo!
It's that Ethiopian blend
you liked so much,
that tastes like cinnamon rolls.
How did you get it?
I found it between
the slats in the wardrobe.
It was actually your birthday present,
but...
-We'll split it.
-No, no!
I want you to drink it.
You should drink it
when you start your new life.
Thanks.
Why haven't you packed?
Oh, there's no hurry.
I thought I'd make
a little breakfast first.
How nice.
Should we go out
and say good morning to Alice?